= hotpixiv

hotpixiv is auto image collection tool in pixiv(http://www.pixiv.net).

== Installation

Generate and install the gem, execute a command.

  rake gemspec
  gem build hotpixiv.gemspec

=== Gem Installation

  gem install hotpixiv

== How to use

The available option are:

  -h # help
  -l # output log file path.
  -k # set the search keyword (only one).
  -f # set the search keywords from textfile (more than one).
  (choose either of -k or -f)
  -p # acquire the image which is bigger than pixiv image's total point.
  -s # set the directory path. downloaded image stores there.
  -b # threshold of pixiv point.
  -d # show debug message.
  -C # config file path. (Please refer to example/config.yml)

== Synopsis

execute command example:

  hotpixiv -p 50 -f c:/keywords.txt -s c:/pixiv/img -l e:/pixiv/log

== Copyright

* Author::    mapserver2007(Ryuichi TANAKA) <mapserver2007@gmail.com>
* Copyright:: Copyright (c) 2010 mapserver2007

== License

  (The MIT License)

  Copyright (c) 2010 Ryuichi Tanaka

  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
  of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
  in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
  to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
  copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
  furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
  all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
  IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
  FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
  AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
  LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
  OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
  THE SOFTWARE.